= 2010
"Sustainability" has become a popular word these days, but to Ted Ning, the concept will always have personal meaning. 
“安稳” 在今天已经成为一个受热门的词，但是对于 Ted Ning 来说，这个词的概念将总带有着个人的理解。

Having endured a painful period of unsustainability in his own life made it clear to him that sustainability-oriented values must be expressed through everyday action and choice.
在他的生命中，他忍受过一段不安稳的痛苦时期，这让他清楚的认识到面向安稳的价值必须被每天的行动和选择表达。

Ning recalls spending a confusing year in the late 1990s selling insurance. He'd been through the dot-com boom and burst and, desperate for a job, signed on with a Boulder agency.
Ning 回忆道他在 1990 年代初度过的困惑的一年，那时他在卖保险。他经历了互联网的兴衰，对找工作的绝望，登记在一家 Boulder 机构。

It didn't go well. "It was a really bad move because that's not my passion," says Ning, whose dilemma about the job translated, predictably, into a lack of sales. 
我没有变得更好，“那真是一个真的很糟糕的变动，那不是我的热情所在。 Ning 说到，他那时处在工作变动的窘境中，更进一步的，在薪水的匮乏中。

"I was miserable. I had so much anxiety that I would wake up in the middle of the night and stare at the ceiling. I had no money and needed the job. Everyone said, 'Just wait, you'll turn the corner, give it some time."
“我曾经很糟糕，我是如此焦虑以至于我总会在午夜中醒来并凝视着天花板，我没有钱，我需要工作，每个人都说 ‘只要等一等，你的处境就会好转，给它一些时间’”

= 2011
Who would have thought that, globally, the IT industry produces about the same volume of greenhouse gases as the world's airlines do - roughly 2 percent of all CO2 emissions?
谁会想到，全球性的信息技术行业生产出和世界范围的航线所产生相同的容量的温室气体，大约占所有二氧化碳排放的百分之2。

Many everyday tasks take a surprising toll on the environment. A Google search can leak between 0.2 and 7.0 grams of CO2, depending on how many attempts are needed to get the "right" answer. 
大量的每日任务对环境造成了惊人的伤害。一次谷歌搜索可以泄漏在 0.2 到 0.7 克的二氧化碳，取决于他需要多少次尝试去获得正确的回答。

To deliver results to its users quickly, then, Google has to maintain vast data centres around the world, packed with powerful computers. 
接着，为了快速的传送结果给他的用户，谷歌会维护大量的，在世界各地的 装着强大的计算机 的 数据中心，。

While producing large quantities of CO2, these computers emit a great deal of heat, so the centres need to be well air-conditioned, which uses even more energy.
在制造大量的二氧化碳的同时，这些计算机释放着大量的热量，所以数据中心需要有大量的空调把温度调节在良好的范围内，这使用了更多的能源。

However, Google and other big tech providers monitor their efficiency closely and make improvements. 
然而，谷歌和其他的科技巨头服务商密切地监测着他们的能效并且取得提升做出改进。

Monitoring is the first step on the road to reduction, but there is much more to be done, and not just by big companies.
监测是减排路上的第一步，但是这远不止于此，而且不只需要大公司参与。

== 2012
When people in developing countries worry about migration, they are usually concerned at the prospect of their best and brightest departure to Silicon Valley or to hospitals and universities in the developed world.
当发展中的人们担心移民时，他们常常考虑在如硅谷、或发达国家的医院或大学的最棒且最有前景的职业的前景。

These are the kind of workers that countries like Britain, Canada and Australia try to attract by using immigration rules that privilege college graduates.
有许多的英国，加拿大，澳大利亚像要用移民法案吸引的私立学校毕业的工作者。

Lots of studies have found that well-educated people from developing countries are
particularly likely to emigrate.
大量的研究发现，来自发达国家收到良好教育的人们是特别想要移民的。

A big survey of Indian households in 2004 found that nearly 40% of emigrants had more than a high-school education, compared with around 3.3% of all Indians over the age 25.
一个在2004年对印度裔的大调查发现有近 40% 的移民者受到高于高中教育，相比之下所有超过25岁的印度人中仅有 3.3%。

This "brain drain" has long bothered policymakers in poor countries.
这种有才智的人的流失的现象已经长期困扰着贫穷国家的政策制定者。

They fear that it hurts their economies, depriving them of much-needed skilled workers who could have taught at their universities, worked in their hospitals and come up with clever new products for their factories to make.
他们担心那样会伤害到他们的经济，使他们不能拥有他们急需也大量需要的那些技艺高超的且本可以在他们自己国家的大学里教书，在他们自己国家的医院里工作，带着才智创新出让他们国家的工厂可以制造 的工人

= 2013
I can pick a date from the past 53 years and know instantly where I was, what happened in the news and even the day of the week. 
我可以从过去 53 年内挑选一个日期，并且立即知道我当时在哪里，新闻中发生了，甚至可以精确到一周的某一天。

I've been able to do this since I was four.
我从我四岁的时候就能够这样做了。

I never feel overwhelmed with the amount of information my brain absorbs. 
我从未觉得我大脑获得的信息总量是具压倒性的。

My mind seems to be able to cope and the information is stored away neatly. 
我的思维似乎有能力去处理它，并且信息在我的大脑中整齐地存储着。

When I think of a sad memory, I do what everybody does — try to put it to one side.
当我思考伤心的记忆时，我做了每个人都会做的事情 -- 尝试去放下它。

I don't think it's harder for me just because my memory is clearer. 
我不认为这对我来说是困难的，仅是因为我的记忆非常清晰。

Powerful memory doesn't make my emotions any more acute or vivid. 
强大的记忆并没有让我的情感变得更糟或更好。

I can recall the day my grandfather died and the sadness I felt when we went to the hospital the day before. 
我可以想起我爷爷去世的那天，以及在那天之前我前往医院时的伤心的感觉。

I also remember that the musical play Hair opened on Broadway on the same day — they both just pop into my mind in the same way.
我也记得在同一天，Broadway 的音乐演出开幕，他们都以同样的方式在我的脑海中涌现。

= 2014
Most people would define optimism as being endlessly happy, with a glass that's perpetually half full. 
大多数人将乐观定义为带着无尽的快乐，就像一个永远半满的桶。

But that's exactly the kind of false cheerfulness that positive psychologists wouldn't recommend. 
但是那些积极的精神病学家们不推荐像这样的错误的快乐。

"Healthy optimism means being in touch with reality," says Tal Ben-Shahar, a Harvard professor.

一位哈弗的教授 Tal Ben-Shahar 说到，健康的乐观意味着变得接触与接受真实。

According to Ben-Shahar, realistic optimists are those who make the best of things that happen, but not those who believe everything happens for the best.
根据 Ben-Shahar 所说，现实主义的乐观者是那些让发生的事变得更好的人，而不是那些相信每一件发生的事都是最好的的人。

Ben-Shahar uses three optimistic exercises.
Ben-Shahar 使用了三个乐观的训练。

When he feels down - say, after giving a bad lecture - he grants himself permission to be human.
当他感到低落时 —— 也就是当他做了一个糟糕的课题—— 他批准他自己允许做一个人。

He reminds himself that not every lecture can be a Nobel winner, some will be less effective than others. 
他提醒他自己不是每一个课题都可以获得诺贝尔奖，总有一些将会比其他人的要没有效果。

Next is reconstruction.
下一步是重构。

He analyzes the weak lecture, learning lessons for the future about what works and what doesn't. 
他分析这个失败的课题，分析什么是有效的，什么是无效的，从中为未来的课题吸取教训。

Finally, there is perspective, which involves acknowledging that in the grand scheme of life, one lecture really doesn't matter.
最后，这只是生活这一宏伟蓝图中涉及的一小方面，一个课题真的没那么重要。

== 2015
Think about driving a route that's very familiar.
想一想一条非常熟悉的驾车路线。

It could be your commute to work, a trip into town or the way home.
它可能是你去上班的路线，也可能是在一个城镇中的旅行路线，或者是回家的路。

Whichever it is, you know every twist and turn like the back of your hand. 
无论他是什么，你都对每一个弯路和每一个折反路了如指掌。

On these sorts of trips it's easy to lose concentration on the driving and pay little attention to the passing scenery. 
在这些旅程中，让人非常容易失掉驾驶具体感，且会很少的关注路过的风景。

The consequence is that you perceive that the trip has taken less time than it actually has.
结果就是你你察觉到这趟旅程要比实际消耗的时间短。

This is the well-travelled road effect: People tend to underestimate the time it takes to travel a familiar route.
这是 “好的旅行过的路” 或 “熟路” 效应：人会会倾向于低估他们在一条熟悉的路线上的用时。

The effect is caused by the way we allocate our attention. 
我们分配给我们注意力的方式造产生了这个效应。

When we travel down a well-known route, because we don't have to concentrate much, time seems to flow more quickly. 
当我们旅行在一条熟知的路线上，因为我没有太聚精会神，时间仿佛流动的很快。

And afterwards, when we come to think back on it, we can't remember the journey well because we didn't pay much attention to it. So we assume it was shorter.
在那之后，当我们回顾这段旅程时，我们不记得这个旅途中的细节，因为我们并没有在这上面消耗太多的注意力，所以我们设想旅程的用时变短了。

= 2016

The supermarket is designed to lure customers into spending as much time as possible within its doors. 
这个超市被设计去吸引顾客进入并在商场里消耗尽可能多的时间。

The reason for this is simple: The longer you stay in the store, the more stuff you'll see, and the more stuff you see, the more you'll buy. 
这样做的原因很简单：你在商场里待的时间越长，你就会见到越多的货物商品，你见到越多的商品，你将会买越多的商品。

And supermarkets contain a lot of stuff.
并且商场里容纳着很多很多商品。

The average supermarket, according to the Food Marketing Institute, carries some 44,000 different items, and many carry tens of thousands more. 
根据视频市场机构，超市平均装着大约 44,000 种不同的货物，并且每一种的量都比成千吨还要多。

The sheer volume of available choice is enough to send shoppers into a state of information overload. 
大容量的可供选择的货物足够去向购物者释放大量的信息负载。

According to brain-scan experiments, the demands of so much decision-making quickly become too much for us. 
根据脑部扫描实验，如此多的快速做决定的需求对我们来说变得太多了。


After about 40 minutes of shopping, most people stop struggling to be rationally selective, and instead begin shopping emotionally - which is the point at which we accumulate the 50 percent of stuff in our cart that we never intended buying.
在大约 40 分钟的购物中，大多数人们停止去为合理的选择性奋斗，反而开始情绪化地购物 —— 这就是为什么我们会在我们的车里有累积百分之50的那些我们从未想要买的货物的原因。

= 2017
My dream has always been to work somewhere in an area between fashion and publishing.
我的梦想是工作在时尚和出版这两个领域之间。

Two years before graduating from secondary school, I took a sewing and design course thinking that I would move on to a fashion design course.
在从中学毕业的两年前，我上了缝纫和设计课，并且想着我将继续去上时尚设计课。

However, during that course I realized I was not good enough in this area to compete with other creative personalities in the future, so I decided that it was not the right path for me. 
然而，在那个课中，我意识到我在这个领域还不够优秀，不足以在未来和那些有创造力的特质的人比较，所以我决定那对我来说不是一条正确的道路。

Before applying for university I told everyone that I would study journalism, because writing was, and still is, one of my favourite activities. 
再申请大学之前，我跟每一个人说我将会学习新闻，因为写作在过去和现在都是我最喜欢的活动之一。

But, to be honest, I said it, because I thought that fashion and me together was just a dream - I knew that no one could imagine me in the fashion industry at all! 
但是说实话，我说过这些话，是因为我认为时尚对我仅仅是一个梦想 —— 我知道无法想象我最后在时尚业。

So I decided to look for some fashion-related courses that included writing. 
所以我决定去寻找一些时尚相关的并且包含写作的课程

This is when I noticed the course "Fashion Media & Promotion."
这就是当我注意到 “时尚媒体和促销” 这个课程时的想法。

= 2018
A fifth grader gets a homework assignment to select his future career path from a list of occupations. 
一个第五年级的获得了一个家庭作业，需要从一个职业列表中选择出他的未来职业路径。

He ticks "astronaut" but quickly adds "scientist" to the list and selects it as well.
他选择了“宇航员”，但是迅速地在这个列表中添加了“科学家”并也选择了“科学家”。

The boy is convinced that if he reads enough, he can explore as many career paths as he likes.
这个男孩坚信，只要他阅读的足够多，他就可以探索足够多那些他喜欢的职业路径。

And so he reads - everything from encyclopedias to science fiction novels.
所以他阅读了从百科全书到科幻小说几乎所有的材料。

He reads so passionately that his parents have to institute a "no reading policy" at the dinner table.
他如此热情地阅读，以至于在晚餐餐桌上时，他的父母必须去设立一个“不阅读政策”

That boy was Bill Gates, and he hasn't stopped reading yet - not even after becoming one of the most successful people on the planet. 
这个男孩是 Bill Gates，甚至当他成为地球上最有名的人之一之后，并且他从来没有停止过阅读。

Nowadays, his reading material has changed from science fiction and reference books: recently, he revealed that he reads at least 50 nonfiction books a year.
如今，他的阅读材料已经改变，不再是科幻小说以及其引用的书籍：最近，他揭示到他至少在一年内阅读 50 本非虚构小说类的书籍。

Gates chooses nonfiction titles because they explain how the world works.
Gates 选择非虚构小说的主题是因为那些书解释这个世界是如何运作的。

"Each book opens up new avenues of knowledge to explore", Gates says.
“每一本书都揭示去探索新的知识的路径”，Gates 说到。

= 2019 
It is easy to underestimate English writer James Herriot. 


He had such a pleasant, readable style that one might think that anyone could imitate it. How many times have I heard people say, "I could write a book. I just haven't the time." Easily said. Not so easily

done. James Herriot, contrary to popular opinion, did not find it easy in his early days of, as

he put it, "having a go at the writing game". While he obviously had an abundance of natural

talent, the final, polished work that he gave to the world was the result of years of practicing,

re-writing and reading. Like the majority of authors, he had to suffer many disappointments

and rejections along the way, but these made him all the more determined to succeed.

Everything he achieved in life was earned the hard way and his success in the literary field

was no exception.